Israeli forces raiding al-shifa Hospital
have severely beaten Al jazer journalist
isma Al Gul he was covering the
military's attack with colleagues when
he was dragged away satellite trucks
belonging to the Press Crews there were
also destroyed by Israeli forces this
news coming into us just in the last few
minutes we can go straight to our
correspondent Han Mahmud who is on the
ground for us in Rafa and Southern Gaza
what can you tell us
hany about these latest developments uh
regarding our Al jazer journalist at
alifa
hospital Hy honey if you can hear me
honey if you can hear me uh we are yes
yes I do yeah so please we so we're
getting these reports we're getting
these reports about Israeli forces
raiding alifa hospital and severely
beating up one of Algeria alzer's own
journalist is alul what are you
hearing yes melan that's that happened
within the past couple hours where
emerging reports of from a shifa
hospital and uh Israeli military has
already detained over 80 people
including women and young men from shifa
hospital and medical staff as well and
injuries who are supposed to be inside
the hospital getting treated uh
including also a our colleagu alul from
Al jazer and his crew member on the
ground has been covering the ongoing
genocidal War and the ongoing Israeli
military attacks and atrocities on the
ground what we were told by an
eyewitness inside the hospital that is
and his crew member uh were actually
beaten and when verbally abused and
dehumanized basically before they were
uh and tortured before they were led
into the unknown area it's important
also to point out that the Israeli
military bulldozer did in fact destroyed
uh the equipment of is and his equ on
the ground including the sng that help
transmitting uh signals uh from the
ground to the studio that's what's going
on right now in in a shifa hospital
including the other 80 plus people who
were detained from the hospital it also
a a part of the ongoing military attacks
on a shifa hospital as people were are
being told to leave and Evacuate the
facility with the exception of the ICU
team but as people tried to leave the
facility that were shut out by the quad
captors and surveillance drone and the
machine guns at the vicinity uh of the
hospital which led to the death of many
people on the ground we don't know we
don't have a confirmation number of how
many people were killed but as an
eyewitness described there are scattered
at the courtyard uh of the of the
hospital and that's part of the
evacuation order that has been largely
misleading confusing for people they
were told to leave but the same time
they were uh shot at in an earlier
statement the spokesperson of the isra
military described the the operation as
limited and a precise and no evacuation
required and now we're seeing these
leaflets ordering people sharply to
evacuate the
facility and hany I believe this is the
fourth time that Israeli forces have
stormed alifa just remind us uh why
exactly Al jazer journalist isal ALG was
there what were the circumstances around
the uh raid earlier this
morning well just let's be clear about
what's going on in Gaza and the Norther
part not only there's a spread of famine
and catastrophic situation but the vast
majority of people there do not have
their homes is standing where they can
uh stay in so the vast majority of
people refer to a shifa hospital and as
it turn into a large uh evacuation
center for the thousand and hundreds of
displaced families and evacuees inside
the the hospital so likely what is was
doing is covering uh the uh what's going
on on inside the hospital in terms of
the catastrophic medical situations the
inability of the hospital to operate as
well as the uh the ongoing tsunami of
injuries being transferred and reported
to a sha Hospital from the ongoing
attacks across Gaza City and the
northern part uh we've seen within the
past few days uh where atrocities
committed either on the Rashid Road or
on salahadin road on particularly on Aid
Seekers where hundreds of injuries
arrived to the hospital but the fact
that the hospital is non operational is
catastrophic and part of it is covering
what's going on and the other part is
Sheltering inside the hospital as there
are no places to stay in across Gaza and
the northern part hany can you tell us a
little more about uh this journalist is
alul he was an Al jazer Arabic uh
journalist I believe and had been
covering the war in Gaza for the last
few months what more can you tell us
about him
well one one quite visible thing about
is that he continue covering the
atrocities and the the genocidal war and
practices on the ground within the past
months and and since the expansion of
the the ground Invasion and often time
bearing the uh the catastrophe of the
spread of famine including a couple of
reports that he did on on the situations
where he described
the difficult living conditions of
people including himself and the crew
member on the ground as going with on
going on with days without any food or
or a meal just to keep them uh
sustainable and and continuing uh the
work part of it the the documentation of
the the the massacres whether it's the
flower Massacre on the cter road or the
destruction of entire Residential
Building in the northern part of the
strip uh and Gaza City and the the the
attacks on us zun neighborhood within
the the the past couple weeks he
continued the work despite the the
challenges and the the hardship created
by the ongoing intense bombing campaign
including the engineered famine that has
pretty much affected everyone negatively
so far we're looking at at least 27
people who died of this enforced
dehydration and starvation uh uh in in
Gaza and the northern part hany for our
viewers that are just joining us I just
want to remind them about this breaking
news that we are reporting on Israeli
forces who raided alifa Hospital in Gaza
have severely beat Al jazer journalist
isma Al Gul that is been confirmed to us
uh in the last few minutes uh so going
back to what you know uh so he was with
a colleague I believe and he had a
satellite truck with him him uh do we
know what's happened to the truck to to
his colleague or was it was it just
ismile who was
[Music]
targeted no not only is our colleague is
and his and the crew member in the but
also the the equipment the the the truck
that they have they're using to move
around and to carry out the the the the
equipment the transmission equipment
from one place to another have been
according to an eyewitness inside the
hospital have been destroyed completely
as the military bulldozer just ran it
over uh and completely destroy all the
equipment that they were using inside
the the courtyard uh of the hospital
which makes it very difficult right now
for the the sustainability of the of the
coverage had is been not detained but so
far what we're getting that was a
detained and his a crew member they were
verbally abused they were dehumanized
they were beaten severely before they
were taken to undisclosed areas along
with the 80 other people who were uh
detained from the courtyard of the
hospital right I understand uh as you
were saying more than 80 people have
been detained uh as a result of that
raid uh at alifa hospital including
medical staff as well as many of the
people that were Sheltering there uh and
uh as we we are reporting Al jazer Al
jazer Arabic colleague isma Al Gul and
his crew who were also Sheltering inside
that hospital were detained he was also
beaten uh before being taken to an
undisclosed location uh hany do we know
any more about why this raid took place
have the Israelis said
anything well as the the operation
started uh there was a statement made by
the Israeli military and with the with
the list of allegations and it primary
among the the the the the list is the
the fact that based on intelligence
information on the ground gathered by
the internal security and the military
intelligence the the presence talking
about the presence of of Hamas members
and and operative inside the hospital
and the statement went on that this
operation was going to be precise and
limited and uh the the Army was advised
the uh the Army was advised to not to
harm civilians and no
evacuations was required but so far
since the beginning of the operation
what we're seeing as the Israeli
military moved into the hospital it
surrounded the entire facility and storm
it uh with its armored vehicles and
tanks and bulldozer one building was sat
on fire due to the uh intense bombing of
of the tank shells as well as the use of
a quad capter these are the kind of
attack drones that they can maneuver
everywhere including inside the the the
facility itself uh the there's a great
deal of of of of Terror going on inside
the hospital as the vast majority of
people we're talking about thousand of
evacuees hundreds of entire families
counted been Sheltering inside the
hospitals including also the medical
staff as well as the injuries who are
inside the hospital and barely barely
are making it through the day given the
fact that there's no medical supplies or
or sufficient medical staff to treat
them or save their their lives so the
the situation are getting pretty much
very difficult right now uh uh but so
far the is really military did not issue
any statement to support the allegations
that were made at earlier statement all
what we know that this operation was
meant for whatever it has cataloged so
far but no substantial evidence
whatsoever to support these
allegations and hany uh one of the
reasons that Al jazer has continued to
cover tirelessly through this entire war
is because of uh the the reporting of
journalists like isma Al Gul uh who are
Palestinian of course uh We've we've
also had TK Abu AUM another one of our
correspondents who's been targeted by
the Israelis tell us a bit more give us
some wider context here about how
journalists continue to be targeted in
Gaza well Molina as we've seen since the
beginning of this genocidal war and it's
pretty clear to everyone that there are
no terms and no limits to what the
Israeli military can do across the Gaza
Strip from the bombing campaign into the
mass killing and the Mass Slaughter of
civilians the bombing of entire families
inside their residential buildings and
and right now what we' seen is a
systematic attacks on on journalist and
people who are reporting uh from the
ground and and Reporting the ongoing
atrocities the massacres the sheer level
of Destruction caused by uh by the uh
the Israeli military uh it's it's beyond
imagination we have entire residential
blocks and that are beyond recognition
right now given the fact that it has
been bombed in with in relentlessly and
been destroyed severely uh and the vast
majority of buildings right now and
infrastructure public facilities either
destroyed completely or severely damaged
all of this Al jazer has been able to
capture all the vast majority of these
atrocities and destruction on the ground
and and the fact that there are people
still continuing to do this is something
that is causing a great deal of of of
frust ation to the Israeli military
because it always refutes all the
allegations and the made up claims of
the existence of of people who are
either wanted or these places have been
housing tunnels or bunkers and we seen
this example being refuted publicly as
the in early December when the Israeli
military storm shifa hospital and
eventually it was only couple of videos
that were released by the military but
shows no substantial
evidence to support any of the
allegations that was that were made and
Justified the storming of a shifa
hospital same thing happened at Naser
hospital and other health public
facilities and private clinics as well
as well as educational facilities all of
this has been captured on the camera and
been broadly refuted by the people who
did the documentations and the reporting
on these ongoing atrocity and that's
something that the Israeli military want
somehow to to put a muzzle on and and to
stop it from
continuing and honey uh just to recap uh
while this uh has happened at alifa
hospital I mean it's an ongoing
situation there are still strikes going
on elsewhere in
Gaza yes air strike continue to pound
across the Gaza Strip but nearly right
now concentrated in Gaza City where
we're looking at a very nearby
neighborhood a remal neighborhood once a
thriving bustling Market a neighborhood
in the heart of Gaza has they've been
destroyed and turned into a pile of
ruins remaining residential buildings
and uh and department stores have been
destroyed with intense air bombardment
within the past hours including major
roads leading and connecting Gaza City
with the northern part that includes Al
jalat Road and Nas Road as well as Omar
MTAR Street connecting eastern part of
Gaza City with the West in part there
are reports of entire residential
buildings been targeted within the past
couple hours with displaced families
inside and giving how dangerous the
situation right now with the presence of
attack drones there is a clear inability
of the civil defense crew members on the
ground the uh the paramedics to get to
these areas and help remove those who
might have survived the attacks but so
far it has been ours since the the house
were leveled to the ground these houses
leveled to the ground and it's likely
that most people in their D Rebels won't
make
it okay hanim Mahmud uh we will leave it
there I just want to recap this breaking
news to you uh if you're just joining us
Israeli forces that have raided alifa
Hospital we've been reporting on this
all morning have severely beat Al jazer
journalist Ismail Al Gul he was working
for Al jazer Arabic he and his
colleagues were covering the attack of
alifa when he was dragged away and the
satellite truck
which which belonged to the Press crew
that he was with was also destroyed by
Israeli forces so we don't know where he
is now but as soon as we have any more
information on this we will of course
bring it to you and just to just to
reference the pictures you're seeing on
the screen that is indeed uh ISM alul uh
we had him on our uh screens yesterday
when he was reporting on the
humanitarian Aid that had made its way
into Northern Gaza
yeah